Is Diane here!?
- No, she just left.
- AH! Where did she go?!
The airport.
She's taking the job in Paris.
Within one week, she packed up her entire life here -
without telling any of your mutual friends by the way,
- and now she's moving to France (shrug)
She just got in the cab.
I LOVE HER, Okay? I-I realized that I LOVE her.
- Maybe if you run after her you can still catch her at the terminal, and profess you love to her,
Before she flies away, and then you'll never be able to communicate with her ever again.
- I'll never make it!
- Run.
Run Joe.
Can't wait to see what happens.
(RUNNING IS SO MUCH EFFORT)
I'm so sorry, Joe.
[Heavy breathing]
- DI!
- Excuse me?
- Uh, Di! D- Diana!
- Joe!
Oh my god, are you okay?
- No. I, uh, yes!
I love you, Diana!
- [Sighs in relief] I l love you too, Joe!
Don't go to Paris.
You can't leave me.
- Joe, I wanna believe you
If only there were some, extraordinary feat, you could perform to prove you PASSIONATE devotion to me,
Your one true love!
Um, Yeah, yeah, I just ran 17 blocks, non-stop, to try and find you uh- um
I was gonna try and catch you at the airport.
- Oh, that's so romantic!
- Yeah, I really-
So, where- Where are you, exactly?
- W-well uh, well I'm not at the airport, uhm, I realized I can just call you,
You know, save the trouble
- Save the trouble?
Heh, running, to find me at the airport to stop me from moving, to another CONTINENT,
because you "LOVE" me, is TROUBLE?!
- N-no, hah, NO it's not, um
- Au. re. voir. Joe. AU REVOIR!
- N-no! D-d-don't hang up, DON'T HANG UP
[Screams in frustration]
- Aw, come ON